Bug-1930334 to implement background.preferred_environment (#37876)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/background/index.md

Author: Updated and behavor clarification added

        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>preferred_environment</code></td>
      <td>

>         <p>A <code>String</code> value.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>An <code>Array</code> of <code>String<code>.</p>
```

Author: @carlosjeurissen so you could specify `["document", "service_worker"]`? Or can you only specify one value in the array?

Reviewer: @rebloor yes, multiple values can be specified. Any of the following are valid:
`["document", "service_worker"]`
`["service_worker", "document"]`
`["service_worker"]`
`["document"]`
And potentially more

The most sensible at this moment however are 
`["service_worker", "document"]` and 
`["document", "service_worker"]`

As you either prefer the "document" or "service_worker" environment.

Author: @carlosjeurissen so presumably, we're talking about an order of preference e.g. `["service_worker", "document", "other"]` is first choice "service_worker", second choice  "document", third choice "other" and if none of those are available, the browser's default option. 
However, when there are only two choices, why aren't the sensible settings `["service_worker"]` and `["document"]`.

>         <p>An <code>Array</code> of <code>String<code> listing the preferred environments in order of precedence.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <p>An <code>Array</code> of <code>Strings</code> listing the preferred environments in order of precedence.</p>
```

Author: While there are some places where we use "`array` of `strings`" we more commonly use "`array` of `string`" given the data type is a `string` not a `strings`.

>         <p>Where a browser supports background scripts and service workers, requests the browser to run the extension using background scripts or service workers.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>When an extension specifies multiple background environments, the preferred_environment allows extension authors to tell browsers their preferred environment. Which the browser may or may not respect.</p>
```

Author: ```suggestion
        <p>Where your extension specifies background script and service worker environments, requests the browser to run the extension using your preferred environment. See [Browser support](#browser_support) for details of the environments supported in the major browsers.</p>
```

Author: @carlosjeurissen this is why I haven't fully followed your suggestion
- we wouldn't normally repeat the property name in the description
- use of the term multiple suggests that there might be more than two environments, I'm not aware of any plans for a third or more
- preference is for something more definitive than "may or may not"
- we generally refer to the author of an extension in the second person

>         <p>Where your extension specifies background script and service worker environments, requests the browser to run the extension using your preferred environment. See <a href="#browser_support">Browser support</a> for details of the environments supported in the major browsers.</p>

Reviewer 2: I found this description hard to make sense of. In this revision I've tried to be clearer about which fields can be used together.

I'm not sure if this is the right place to integrate @carlosjeurissen's [suggestion](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/25808#issuecomment-2627793381), but this behavior does seem like it's worth calling out.

```suggestion
        <p>If the <code>background</code> specifies both a <code>service_worker</code> and either a <code>page</code> or <code>scripts</code>, this field allows you to declare which background context the browser should use, if available. See <a href="#browser_support">Browser support</a> for details of the environments supported in the major browsers.</p>
```

Author: ```suggestion
        <p>If <code>background</code> specifies a <code>service_worker</code> and a <code>page</code> or <code>scripts</code>, this field enables the extension to declare which background context the browser should use, if available. See <a href="#browser_support">Browser support</a> for details of the environments supported in the major browsers.</p>
```

        <ul>
          <li>
            <code>document</code> requests that the browser use the extension's background scripts as documents, if supported.
          </li>
          <li>

>             <code>service worker</code> requests that the the browser run the extension's background scripts as service workers, if supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <code>service_worker</code> requests that the the browser run the extension's background scripts as service workers, if supported.
```
